docs: Add warning about broken apple push notifications support (#4541)
tomav/docker-mailserver: docs/content/examples/use-cases/ios-mail-push-support.md

title: 'Advanced | iOS Mail Push Support'
---

> !!! warning "This is broken as of August 2025"
> 
>     Apple has deprecated the API used for certificate renewal as it is currently implemented in dovecot-xaps-daemon for XAPPLEPUSHSERVICE. There is no fix available at the time this is being written; however, [Apple has indicated](https://github.com/stalwartlabs/stalwart/issues/747#issuecomment-3142925679) to some developers that an open IETF standard for push notifications is planned. There is an [open Apple Developer thread](https://developer.apple.com/forums/thread/778671?answerId=850357022#850357022) about this topic as well.
> 
> !!! warning

Reviewer: I've revised your contribution, in addition to removing the 2nd blank warning admonition and using md reflinks.

```suggestion
!!! warning "Status - August 2025"

    Apple has since deprecated their API used for certificate renewal (_see [this Apple Developer thread][apple::dev-push-issue-reference]_) as it is currently implemented in `dovecot-xaps-daemon` for `XAPPLEPUSHSERVICE`. There is no actionable resolution for this issue known at this time.

    [Apple has communicated plans][apple::push-open-standard] to implement an open IETF standard for push notifications.

[apple::dev-push-issue-reference]: https://developer.apple.com/forums/thread/778671?answerId=850357022#850357022
[apple::push-open-standard]: https://github.com/stalwartlabs/stalwart/issues/747#issuecomment-3142925679
```
